hi everyone its Lisa with ink and
inspirations thank you for joining me
today in this video I am going to show
you how I made this little pom-pom
flower here using the new fringe
scissors from the occasions catalog from
Stampin Up this one here I showed this
project on my facebook business page and
this one is made with just regular
tissue paper for wrapping and I'm going
to show you how I it's the same basic
technique for whatever medium or type of
paper that you use so I'm going to show
you this other one here this one is made
with designer series paper excuse me and
it's a little stiffer but it makes a
really pretty little flower okay but the
one I'm going to show you today is using
a half sheet of our crepe filter paper
and unlike the tissue paper which is
very thin and flimsy to work with this
has a little bit more body so I just cut
the sheet in half roughly and I'm going
to take some snail adhesive oh and this
is about let me tell you how wide this
is this is about three inches wide I've
done them two inches wide
usually and you can make different sizes
but for today's video
I cut it three inches okay so I'm
folding it in half there okay and then
I'm going to take a piece of sticky
strip and just go down the open edge
side okay and snip that off and then I'm
going to pull off that red line tape and
then we're going to well first before
you pull off the tape you need to cut
the fringe okay I've done this several
times and done the process in a
different order each time so I'm trying
to share the easiest way so I'm going to
cut with my fringe scissors almost to
the sticky strip line okay and the
easiest way to cut with these is to put
in about halfway and then
don't cut all the way to the chip all
right now these scissors are great for
most any kind of paper they don't cut
fabric though you save them for your
paper projects and you just can get some
really cool effects I'm having a lot of
fun playing with them so let me just
speed up the process here it doesn't
take long and it's not an exact Oh
science you just get it cut it's just
they're fun to use I've used them quite
a bit okay so now I have all my little
fringe and it's on the fold there see so
now we get to pull this off I'm going to
rub that a little bit there so I can get
it started okay then we're just going to
start rolling okay so you try to get it
pretty tight and to keep the fringe
straight going up so it doesn't curl in
and get caught in that adhesive now with
the tissue paper when I was rolling it
that's what's really hard to manage the
little it's so flimsy and thin that it
wants to curl back and get caught in the
in this adhesive here in the sticky
strip but with this it's a fuller body
it's got a little bit more stiffness to
it and so it makes a really pretty and
easy to roll up bloom now normally I
would have this down probably down here
doing it but I'm standing the video so
that you can get a good close look okay
and this I forgot to measure how long
the this is at least twelve inches long
and that's when I make it out of
designer paper I cut my strip 12 inches
long and 2 inches wide and then fold it
in half and then cut with the fringe
after I adhere the two open ends
together
okay so there
and that cute little flower now you can
take your spritzer tool with some
alcohol and reinker and spritz that but
I like to use my ink pads and my aqua
painter because you get a more of a
variation in color so I just start
painting and adding water and just brush
it on and I just keep going until I add
as much color as I'd like and like I
said with this you get a very unique
look with each flower makes you feel
like an artist okay so you just keep
going and fill it up and let me show you
when I finished here right here it's
real pretty you see the different shades
of tangerine tango that are there and
then I left some white around the edges
okay and then on this one
like I said I did two layers like you
saw me fold over one piece of the crepe
fish tissue paper I folded another piece
of just regular tissue paper so it was
four layers it heerd them all together
and then cut through and that's what
made this fluffy little bloom here and
then I use hot glue to put it on the tag
so there are some ideas for using your
fringe scissors to make some fun
embellishments for your projects if you
have any questions email me at Lisa ed
ink and inspirations com
thank you for joining me today and I
will see you again soon bye bye
Oh